Angular is a platform and framework for building client applications in HTML and TypeScript. 
Angular is written in TypeScript. 
It implements core and optional functionality as a set of TypeScript libraries that you import into your apps.

The basic building blocks of an Angular application are NgModules, which provide a compilation context for components.

An app always has at least a root module that enables bootstrapping, and typically has many more feature modules.p 
always has at least a root module that enables bootstrapping, and typically has many more feature modules.

Components define views, which are sets of screen elements that Angular can choose among and modify according to your 
program logic and data.

Components use services, which provide specific functionality not directly related to views. 
Service providers can be injected into components as dependencies, making your code modular, reusable, and efficient.

Templates, directives, and data binding
A template combines HTML with Angular markup that can modify HTML elements before they are displayed
Template directives provide program logic, and binding markup connects your application data and the DOM

Event binding lets your app respond to user input in the target environment by updating your application data.
Property binding lets you interpolate values that are computed from your application data into the HTML.

<!https://angular.io/generated/images/guide/architecture/overview2.png>

The bootstrapping process creates the components listed in the bootstrap array and inserts each one into the browser (DOM).

With helps of above architecture overview, you can identify the seven main building blocks of an Angular Application.
1.      Component
2.      Templates
3.      Metadata
4.      Data Binding
5.      Directives
6.      Services
7.      Dependency Injection

The basic building blocks of an Angular application are NgModules, which provide a compilation context for components.

Angular app is defined by a set of NgModules and it always has at least a root module that enables bootstrapping, and many more feature modules.
1.      Components define Template views

2.      Components use services

The Angular Module (NgModules) helps us to organize an application into connected blocks of functionality.

The NgModule properties for the minimum “AppModule” generated by the CLI which are follow as -
ü  Declarations — Use to declare the application components.
ü  Imports —Every application must import BrowserModule to run the app in a browser.
ü  Providers — There are none to start.
ü  Bootstrap — This is a root AppComponent that Angular creates and inserts into the index.html host web page.

The easiest way to display a component property is to bind the property name through interpolation. With interpolation, you put the property name in the view template, enclosed in double curly braces: {{myHero}}.

Notice that you don't call new to create an instance of the AppComponent class. Angular is creating an instance for you. How?
The CSS selector in the @Component decorator specifies an element named <app-root>. That element is a placeholder in the body of your index.html file:
When you bootstrap with the AppComponent class (in main.ts), Angular looks for a <app-root> in the index.html, finds it, instantiates an instance of AppComponent, and renders it inside the <app-root> tag.

Now you know how to use:
Interpolation with double curly braces to display a component property.
ngFor to display an array of items.
A TypeScript class to shape the model data for your component and display properties of that model.
ngIf to conditionally display a chunk of HTML based on a boolean expression.
